they're gonna be looking at the XFX
radeon 4890 triplication video card
unboxing your view and wait on do some
benchmark okay so let's take a look at
the inside of packaging and the outside
quick way so this is the excel
exhibition human 1 gig of memory gger
five it's got five star support my specs
its double lifetime warranty back when
she tells you about a bit about the car
let's open up the video card and see
which okay so this is the packaging then
inside then get no fancy box not all day
but hooking up we got first thing I seen
Tom Clancy's new hawks right out of play
the demo in a real life itself this is
um the installation guide from X if X
you don't need this if your experience
now even noobs can don't give these some
another installing halation thing i got
these with money oh and then video cards
kisses pops out looking at a kind of
like Trey up off open it up got some
dongles crossfire bridge which we will
be using HDMI dongle
is from 4am DVI connection i'll use it
for my 30-inch monitor and the six been
to two molex connectors a driver disk
from X of X
have tons of these I think I've a colder
10 video cards from xbox I got tons of
these things do not disturb well you
have so many of these I could wear
become millionaires just on those ok now
let's look at the video cut it so ok so
this is the video card oh my god I'm so
happy this is like it is awesome this is
a little black PCB I'm really happy with
this I thought I'm you read PCB from the
pictures it seemed but rather just not
look good in my case this is awesome
black piece be cooler on it dual stock
cooler
very nice car I think pretty cool
reminds me of the 8800 gtx video cards
so it relates what the dogs stick you
can actually see I'm the heat pipes
inside you see rate there the heat pipes
go into the cooler cool isn't it cool to
test I'm not sure how much performance
elders from my gtx 295 but again we're
going to run using quality nom crossfire
there's an 8-pin the six been connected
make sure you know that most of them
resellers only 6 26 pins so good careful
six min and ape and everyone I'm across
why you have 26 pins in 28 min that's
the video card I'm really happy with
this video cred on account to see how it
performs I think splitting it is equal
to it 275 nests with the new catalyst
drivers what's up there in 285
performance this is the back foot
can I test this this is going to be
running movies I'm going to be running
with 975 external agency of you and x58
classified motherboard okay just a
little bit of a look back in series he's
doing this comparison this is my will be
any 102 gtx resuce quite old I had this
for 23 years now compared to the 4890
it's quite a bit shorter length probably
a good inch sugar in landlady
and Zach shay Sam cool your luck Sam he
exam well Don design you don't know if
you can tell the fam design here is a
little bit more curved then here is a
little less a little more straight but
these way old GPU but this is to show
you this quite similar kind of cool
actually but now i just thought i'd show
you quickly